DOC-2014: Added TINY-9715 to the release notes. (#2714)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} 6.5.

> === Advanced Templates 1.2.0
> 
> The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Templates** premium plugin.
> 
> **Advanced Templates** 1.2.0 includes the following fix.
> 
> === A selected item within its parent directory in tree components, would not retain as a highlighted selection after collapsing its directory.
> //#TINY-9715
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, selecting a leaf component within its parent directory would loose its state selection after collapsing and re-expanding the parent directory.
> 
> A fix for this was implemented in {productname} 6.5, which now tracks the active state for a selected leaf component before and after collapsing or re-expanding the parent directory.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Advanced Templates 1.2.0

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Templates** premium plugin.

**Advanced Templates** 1.2.0 includes the following fix.

=== A selected item within its parent directory in tree components, did not remain selected after closing the directory
//#TINY-9715

In previous versions of the **Advanced Templates** plugin, selecting a component in a leaf within its parent directory and then closing the directory caused the selection to be lost.

This new release of the **Advanced Templates** plugin corrects this. It now tracks the selected leaf’s active state before and after collapsing or expanding the leaf’s parent directory.

For information on the **Advanced Templates** plugin, see: xref:advanced-templates.adoc[Advanced Templates].
```
1. Copy-edits
2. Added the _for information_ line.

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} 6.5.

=== Advanced Templates 1.2.0

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Templates** premium plugin.

**Advanced Templates** 1.2.0 includes the following fix.

=== A selected item within its parent directory in tree components, did not remain selected after closing the directory
//#TINY-9715

> In previous versions of the **Advanced Templates** plugin, selecting a component in a leaf within its parent directory and then closing the directory caused the selection to be lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new release of the **Advanced Templates** plugin corrects this. It now tracks the selected leaf’s active state before and after collapsing or expanding the leaf’s parent directory. This ensures the selection state of a leaf is preserved when the leaf’s parent directory is collapsed or expanded.
```
Added a _spell it out_ sentence.
